CAP Theorem
Consistency Availability Partition tolerance
Not all the three would be true at the same time.
CP, AP, AC - are the only possible combinations

Availability: Every request received by a non-failing node in the system must
return a response.
Consistency: In a consistent system, once a client writes a value to any server
and gets a response, it expects to get that value (or a fresher value) back
from any server it reads from.
Partition tolerance: In case of network failure, there should be no impact.
If a node fails and it is partitioned from the clusters, that is partition.
For a distributed system, the system will continue to work unless there is a
total network failure. A few nodes can fail and the system keeps going.

CP, AP, CA:
When a network partition occurs, either of the two hold true but not both.
Either the DB would be consistent, i.e., reads and writes are consistent,
but the nodes are not available to take new requests
or the nodes are available but the messages are not consistent.
If the system is not distributed, then it need not have partition tolerance, because there is a single node and no concept of partition.
so both C and A are valid.
CP - mongoDB, redis
AP - cassandra
AP - MSSql, mariaDB
Database system designed with ACID guarantees (RDBMS) usually chooses consistency over availability
whereas system Designed with BASE guarantees, availability.


Relational databases strongly follow ACID principles:
Atomic: Everything in a transaction succeeds or the entire transaction is
        rolled back.
Consistent: A transaction cannot leave the database in an inconsistent state.
Isolated: Transactions cannot interfere with each other.
Durable: Completed transactions persist, even when servers restart etc.

NoSQL databases follow BASE principles:
Basically Available, Soft State, Eventual consistency
Couch DB is eventually consistent in exchange for high availability.
CouchDB prioritizes availability, while MongoDB prioritizes consistency
https://medium.com/system-design-blog/cap-theorem-1455ce5fc0a0

Database Sharding